feat(curriculum): more daily challenges (#61959)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/daily-coding-challenges-javascript/68adce01c0e1144d0a902958.md

---
id: 68adce01c0e1144d0a902958
title: "JavaScript Challenge 26: IPv4 Validator"
challengeType: 28
dashedName: javascript-challenge-26
---

# --description--

Given a string, determine if it is a valid IPv4 Address. A valid IPv4 address consists of four integer numbers separated by dots (`.`). Each number must satisfy the following conditions:

> - It is between 0 and 255 inclusive.
> - It does not have leading zeros (except for 0 itself).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It is between 0 and 255 inclusive.
- It does not have leading zeros (e.g. 0 is allowed, 01 is not).
```
